Document fix about AI item pointer overflowing (#1066)
pret/pokecrystal: docs/bugs_and_glitches.md

  - [AI makes a false assumption about `CheckTypeMatchup`](#ai-makes-a-false-assumption-about-checktypematchup)
  - [AI use of Full Heal or Full Restore does not cure Nightmare status](#ai-use-of-full-heal-or-full-restore-does-not-cure-nightmare-status)
  - [AI use of Full Heal does not cure confusion status](#ai-use-of-full-heal-does-not-cure-confusion-status)

>   - [AI might use its base reward's value as an item](#ai-might-use-its-base-rewards-value-as-an-item)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [AI might use its base reward value as an item](#ai-might-use-its-base-reward-value-as-an-item)
```

 	ret
```

> ### AI might use its base reward's value as an item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### AI might use its base reward value as an item
```

> In the `AI_TryItem` routine, the code checks both `wEnemyTrainerItem1` and `wEnemyTrainerItem2` to see if the AI's items match any in the `AI_Items` list. However, if the AI has used its first item (or it's set to `ITEM_NONE`) and doesn't use its second item, the item pointer can overflow to the subsequent address, `wEnemyTrainerBaseReward`. If this address's value matches an item in the `AI_Items` list, the AI could mistakenly use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `AI_TryItem` routine, an item pointer is set to `wEnemyTrainerItem1` and then increments to `wEnemyTrainerItem2` to see if either of the AI's items are in the `AI_Items` list. However, if the AI has used its first item (or its first one is `ITEM_NONE`) and hasn't used its second item, the item pointer can increment from `wEnemyTrainerItem2` to `wEnemyTrainerBaseReward`. If the value at this address then matches an item in the `AI_Items` list, the AI could mistakenly use it.
```

**Fix:** Edit `AI_TryItem` in [engine/battle/ai/items.asm](https://github.com/pret/pokecrystal/blob/master/engine/battle/ai/items.asm):

```diff
 AI_TryItem:
  	...
 	ld a, [wTrainerClass]
 	dec a
 	ld hl, TrainerClassAttributes + TRNATTR_AI_ITEM_SWITCH
 	ld bc, NUM_TRAINER_ATTRIBUTES
 	call AddNTimes
 	ld b, h
 	ld c, l
 	ld hl, AI_Items

> -; BUG: AI might use its base reward's value as an item (see docs/bugs_and_glitches.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-; BUG: AI might use its base reward value as an item (see docs/bugs_and_glitches.md)
```
